last time on inanimate insanity the
eliminated contestants were revealed to
have survived the explosion and plan
their great escape with lightbulb taking
the initiative
I didn't permit you to speed me phone
interrupted pickle and tacos picnic by
starting the Oh Mason what's pickle and
Apple we're in the bottom two but
marshmallow fans made Apple get the boot
pulenta the empty idiotic island to see
eliminated essence have escaped but salt
messed it all up by going after rotate
so you interrupted the me found sets
challenge by freaking out J out alerting
me found to the escape attempt despite
the fact the pickle was busy trying to
help talk off by more lemons after she
ran out they inadvertently both captured
the most limited contestants of
meat-bone gave them immunity so now that
the horrible horrendous hideous hi-8 is
finally over I bet you can't wait til
the recap is over so the person who's
eliminated will finally be revealed
unless you count the votes then you
would kind of already know yeah
and that's remiss Don inanimate insanity
uh-oh J it's just so upsetting I'm up
for elimination it's just so tragic I
mean how could anyone fall me out over
beau Oh would you quit complaining paper
I'm sick I have no orange juice and you
know how weird and moody I get without
my fruit juice preferably orange and I
don't feel very good right now sorry to
hear about that is that orange juice
yeah
what are you how could you hide it from
me all this time didn't you know how
sick I was
um well are you seriously that
incompetent I'm so enraged I could just
I'm back after all the anticipation it's
big me phone for us hahahahaha me phone
for my less technologically advanced
failure for relative Oh God not you
again how'd you even come back I threw
you into the quicksand pit well because
whatever you can't hurt me anyway
but I don't you're no match for me how
dare you just respect my master I'll
handle this Seri you better let me host
again I'd never let you do that fine if
you don't let me host I'll just kill the
glass of orange juice Oh God
Oh Jay Ted I can't let that happen so
what's it gonna be fine
great I'm finally hosting it on with
insanity again excuse me Colston
coughing huh my news will have to wait
so last time pickled taco roundel of the
most eliminated contestants till they
won the mule hey what gives
you totally cut me off chuck it oh
really
well I guess you won't co-host no I'm
sorry please please fine
we got 546 votes that's a lot more than
any time get it's the most ever the
prizes are lollipops no prices the
change solve lollipops
Jane Charles lollipops change Charles
lollipops you know what we'll give them
one of each hey you can't do that I just
did Oh J got 96 votes he's safe he's
your chainsaw Q that was so stomp the
bowl and paper the physical drive and
the personality flap Oh Thor annoying
hey I'm not annoying I'm just extremely
funny and super super popular yay yeah
and your popularity got you the most
votes at 211 coolness wait no sadness
I've been waiting for this day ever
since you joined know my last chair
protect me
hey why are you locking her in a box
just to make sure she doesn't escape and
try to rejoin the show again I'm sorry
taco I just can't figure this out I
don't know what to do
Fred what maybe I could provide some
assistance it's the least I could do
after acting evil towards you all do you
know anything about lemons with a little
psychotherapy anything's possible oh
great look another one my friends
completely abandoned me for another
person oh I was just going to Apple taco
with their living problem that's nice
paper but oh sure I didn't need help at
all when I was completely empty of
orange juice you know what oh gee you're
right I'm sorry I never helped you with
your problem after all these months
wow really every other person has ever
been my friend has betrayed me or used
me well I will help you through the
mists of anonymous any no matter what so
are you ready for yeah okay then so
what's the challenge it's style terror
aka
that thing is it deathly entires
especially when people die not real
orange I saved forever can survive
Marshwood death trap wins
fine let's vote who wants to compete in
me phone forest is deathtrap raise your
hand I swear if I have any more
chainsaws well guess I surprisingly one
in my challenge there are 10 rows of
four tiles in each row one tile is
faulty you fall through you have to
start over you must make it to the end
to win pickle and taco you'll have an
advantage for winning the last challenge
it's a hoverboard oh my god that's
amazing
yeah you and taco could split it yeah
you go sharing is caring
wait a minute so get ready go
okay paper let's do this together can we
skip tiles no ok then I'll use my lemons
to crack the faulty tile and jump to
next one but you I think I have a
quicker method nice idea
okay I choose this one taco let's jump
onto the same tile safety in numbers
right how I don't think jump that wasn't
very safe hey that was surprisingly easy
but only one of us get the immunity oh
no not this again here we both win
immunity no I hate victory there must be
as little of it as possible
0j I caused you a lot of pain this
morning you deserve this paper you're
the best
Oh Jay wins Wow that hasn't happened for
a while
look you three lost so you guys have to
go through my death trap
yay
my stereotypical evil personality boxes
heartily amusing no not yeah you're
being extremely cruel to everyone and
I've had enough hey you're cruel to them
too I'm not nearly as bad as you
so I'm putting you somewhere you can't
hurt anybody wait no you can't you need
me I'm pretty sure I don't
okay I've had my fun but you have to
hear me out I'm good
no me phone you don't understand he's
coming me phone listen to me he's guys
sorry about that viewers but it's time
to vote now vote for either paper pickle
or taco voting in September 8
hello I'm still here